tl;dr Learning curve is steep but course is interesting

this sprint took a long time. THat's partly bc this topic is new to me and has so many new concepts. I spend a lot of time getting context, researching online and getting familiar with EVEYRTHING so I think this will scale and make future sprints go faster, as I already have a coding background that I can leverage. That's the 'arrogance' that trips me up but I think the hardest part of this course will be at the beginning, especially given the strategy I'm using. I didn't know I would take this strategy, of deep and broad outside research, but I took it because I felt I needed to based on initial overwhelm. 

Specific: 
1. I thought some things in the overview were not actually covered in the lessons- use of ethers.js library. Tha'ts ok you pick things up on your own as you go. We're experienced devs but the overview was maybe misleading- did not map 1:1 what was presented. 
2. This was again steep- I don't midn that at all as long as there's no time pressure. When things are steep you need some combination of support, no time pressure and encouragement (motivation). At the same time, the steepness proves competence and is a point of pride when you master it. Nothing easy is worthwhile. 
3. general strategy, to master this it probably won't be one pass. Read the overview, go through each lesson, start doing the project, and go back and study or look at the solution. I think looking at the solution is fine as long as you don't cheat yourself, but really give it a college try and go back over what you're learning.  It's good to have that open and available so someone can't get hopelessly lost, and it's up to the student to not cheat themsevles, but wer'e adults. It's good that it's there as an escape from total failure. 

personally i like to do things well. Whether it's quick or slow I don't like botched jobs. I like to be good in the details, even if I am behind schedule, which I also hate to be, so I tend to pressure myself. When I get experience though, and skill and competence, then I love it, and am powerful, and at that time, I never want to stop learning or mastering detail but I can take it easy and coast a little bit and leverage my skill, or take on some new task- like this course, while coasting (working hard but more smoothly) at my day job. 